Oh, my son!
Your Highness, he is the son of King Yong
King Yong made a complaint for his hard work
How dare you?
Why don't you like it?
Do I want to try it too?
prince
The evil son is like the killing son
What I did today
It's all caused by your overindulgence
Remove regret
It is a blessing for the people
newly built
Could it be that you have to ask my husband to give it to you?
Call Prince Minghui directly
I should have played 50 big cards
But before you lose the poison
I won't pursue it.
Let you close your door for half a year
Or say
From this weapon to the imperial examination
Hey, Your Highness, you are joking
The prince is loyal to Great Xia
How could you do such a thing?
Yes, Your Highness
You want to spoil me
Come to the emperor
Please learn from the prince
Knowing mistakes can be corrected
Cause of good and evil
But some mistakes cannot be forgiven
Yu Qianchen is passing on my desire
All the treasures
After the execution of the bribery charge
All charged with disrupting the imperial examinations
Sick and sent to prison
choose a day to kill
I'd like to see it
Don't you think you're rich?
The money you paid yesterday
I bought your last name tomorrow.